# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 2024-10-06, Noon  
**Meeting Purpose:** General checkin  
**Meeting Location:** Discord  
**Note Taker:** Eric
**Next Meeting:** 2024-10-07, evening

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Kevin
- Eric
- Hugo
- Somto

## Agenda Items
- N/A

## Standup
## Kevin
### Since last meeting:
- deck core functionality done
### Before next meeting:
- decks and collections finished
- login page
### Hinderances/blockers:
- wrapper
## Hugo
### Since last meeting:
- fixes on wrapper
### Before next meeting:
- wrapper legacy 
### Hinderances/blockers:
- nothing 
## Sompto
### Since last meeting:
- deck page finished
- cards page done
### Before next meeting:
- featured deck on profile 
### Hinderances/blockers:
- wrapper 
## Eric
### Since last meeting:
- getting ts wrapper
### Before next meeting:
- get the c# wrapper working
- decks routes 
### Hinderances/blockers:
None

## Discussion Items
- N/A

## Action Items
- N/A

## Other Notes & Information
N/A
