# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 2024-10-23, 1:30PM  
**Meeting Purpose:** ???  
**Meeting Location:** E2-468  
**Note Taker:** Kevin
**Next Meeting:** 2024-10-26, 11AM

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Kevin
- Hugo
- Somto
- Eric

## Agenda Items
- Standup
- Prioritize issues

## Standup
### Kevin
#### Since last meeting:
- Designed look of marketplace on paper
- Finished the functionality of the vendor selection
- Started on the selected vendor component

#### Before next meeting:
- All functionality of marketplace finished 
- Maybe get started on making it look better

#### Hinderances/blockers:
- ts-wrapper :)

### Hugo
#### Since last meeting:
- ts wrapper (merged)
    - routes done
    - payloads done
    - interfaces for sprint 2 done
- sharp wraper (branch)[https://github.com/InternetEnemies/combatcritters-sharp/tree/routes-payload-interfaces-sp2]
    - routes done
    - payload done
    - partial interfaces (not done, only like 10%)

#### Before next meeting:
- Hope to get the local deck verificator done

#### Hinderances/blockers:
- need to put more effort on other assigment
    - someone else may have to take care of the sharp wrapper interfaces branch

### Somto
#### Since last meeting:
- Finished cards and deck integration
- Finished user profiles UI
#### Before next meeting:
- Restructure Management UI
- Create Vendor and Packs UI
- Hope to start integration on these as well.
#### Hinderances/blockers:
None
### Eric
#### Since last meeting:
- integration test suites for wrappers

#### Before next meeting:
- user admin routes
- packs routes (including admin)
- start on market routes(hopefully)

#### Hinderances/blockers
- factorio 2 came out and I have a problem

## Discussion Items
- Prority of feature
- We looked at restructuring priorites of features.
- Also adding security for the management interface. (Admin priviledges).
- Moving card creation to a low priority. 
- 

## Action Items
- Routes for User profile
- Routes for Packs

## Other Notes & Information
N/A
