# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 2024-10-28, 19:00  
**Meeting Purpose:** Standup
**Meeting Location:** discord  
**Note Taker:** Kevin
**Next Meeting:** 2024-10-30, 13:30

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Kevin
- Hugo
- Eric
- Somto

## Agenda Items
- Standup

## Standup
### Kevin
#### Since last meeting:
- Finished marketplace functionality

#### Before next meeting:
- Get the deck validity done depending on when the wrapper gets it finished
- Maybe try to improve the marketplace look

#### Hinderances/blockers:
- Nothing right now

### Hugo
#### Since last meeting:
- Submitted Pack implementation PR

#### Before next meeting:
- Local verification in ts
    - unit test
- Vendor and marketplace implementation (same thing actually)

#### Hinderances/blockers:
- Nothing


### Somto
#### Since last meeting:
- Finished MI restructure, game cards, and a bit of user profiles.
#### Before next meeting:
- Setup CD and packs interface and integration
- 
#### Hinderances/blockers:
Nothing.

### Eric
#### Since last meeting:
- packs
- pack creation
- currency
- deployed frontend

#### Before next meeting:
- marketplace routes
    - vendor
    - vendorOffer

#### Hinderances/blockers
None

## Discussion Items
N/A

## Action Items
N/A

## Other Notes & Information
N/A
