# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** *2024-10-02*, 1:30PM  
**Meeting Purpose:** General checkin  
**Meeting Location:** E2-468  
**Note Taker:** Eric
**Next Meeting:** 2024-10-04

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Eric
- Kevin
- Hugo 
- Somto

## Agenda Items
- N/A

## Standup
### Kevin
#### Since last meeting:
- drag and drop functionality in deck builder
### Before next meeting:
- filtering ui
### Hinderances/blockers:
- unfinished wrapper
## Hugo
### Since last meeting:
- user object in ts wrapper
### Before next meeting:
- Cards, Decks, card, deck object
- finish user object
### Hinderances/blockers:
- N/A

## Sompto
### Since last meeting:
- login/register ui
- cards display

### Before next meeting:
- profile ui

### Hinderances/blockers:
- wrapper not being finished 

## Eric
### Since last meeting:
- setup auth

### Before next meeting:
- legacy routes done

### Hinderances/blockers:
N/A

## Discussion Items
- N/A

## Action Items
- N/A

## Other Notes & Information
N/A
