# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 2024-11-08, 5:30PM  
**Meeting Purpose:** Sprint 3 planning  
**Meeting Location:** Discord  
**Note Taker:** Kevin
**Next Meeting:** 2024-11-12, 11AM

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Kevin
- Eric
- Somto
- Hugo

## Agenda Items
- Standup
- planning

## Standup
### Kevin
#### Since last meeting:
- Bug fixing/other stuff?

#### Before next meeting:
- Finish market

#### Hinderances/blockers:
- None

### Hugo
#### Since last meeting:
- Fixed compareUserItems

#### Before next meeting:
- DocString for ts
- Integration tests 
- Restructure code base
- refactor compareUserItems (maybe)

#### Hinderances/blockers:
- Nothing

### Somto
#### Since last meeting:
- Finished pack creation
- Worked on sharp wrapper
#### Before next meeting: 
- Get started on Marketplace

#### Hinderances/blockers:
None
### Eric
#### Since last meeting:
- specials 
- images

#### Before next meeting:
- market finished
- admin routes finished
- plan for battles
- battles started

#### Hinderances/blockers
- none

## Discussion Items
- Planning

## Action Items
- Add issues to user stories
- sketch plan for battles architecture

## Other Notes & Information
N/A
